Renamed Coverage Engine to Coverage Tool and IntelliJ Engine to Kover Tool (#253)
Kotlin/kotlinx-kover: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Search for existing issues to avoid reporting duplicates.
* When submitting a bug report:
  * Test it against the most recently released version. It might have been already fixed.

>   * By default, we assume that your problem reproduces in Kotlin/JVM project with using the Kover Coverage Tool. Please, mention if the problem is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * By default, we assume that your problem reproduces in Kotlin/JVM project with the Kover Coverage Tool. Please, mention if the problem is
```

>     specific to Kotlin Multi-Platform/Android or JaCoCo Tool. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    specific to Kotlin Multiplatform/Android or JaCoCo Tool. 
```
